[docs] improve descriptions for our APIs, and add videos (#6570)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/task-manager.md

---
title: TaskManager
sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/sdk-36/packages/expo-task-manager'
---

> **`expo-task-manager`** provides an API that allows you to manage tasks, especially those running while your app is in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`expo-task-manager`** provides an API that allows you to manage long-running tasks, in particular those tasks that can run while your app is in the background.
```
